yali.ekstein, omer.holtzman
Yali Ekstein (212537807), Omer Holtzman (212422794)
EX: 5

FILES:


1. Answer:
PID namespaces isolate the process ID numbers space. Each different process
will have different set of PIDs available to use. Processes in different PID
namsepaces can have the same PIDs (Such as same file names can be in different
folders). PID namespaces allow containers to resume or suspend a set of
processes and migrate a set of processes to a new host while the processes
inside the container has same IDs.

2. Answer:
Mount namespaces define file system can a set of processes accesses. It helps
us Isolate different processes by seperating which files a process can see.
Each set of processes wil lbe able to see different single-directory
hierarchies.

3. Answer:
Cgroups can help us limiting the available resources to a collection of
processes - such as limiting the CPU the proceeses can use, limiting the
memory, number of processes, network bandwidth, etc...

4. Answer:
Both fork and clone calls create a new "child" process from a "parent" process.
The clone call is an upgraded version of the fork call - it provides more
precise control over the data - allows the child process to be placed in
different namespaces, allows to share the file system information, open files
and signal handlers using a different flags.

5. Answer:
"chroot" command is used to change the root directory of a process and its
child processes. Every process or command on linux has current working
directory called root. The command chroot changes the root directory for the
running process as well as its' child processes.


6. Answer:
The procfs is a special filesystem in linux OS that presents information about
processes from the kernel in a hierarchical file-like structures. The procfs
provides us a more standardized method for dynamically accessing process dat
held in the kernel rather than the tracing methods or direct accessing the
kernel memory.
An example use is to get all the CPU information using the "/proc/cpuinfo" to
get all cpu information.